fix issue 22743 (#25059)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/desktop/settings-and-maintenance/backup-and-restore.md

To restore volume data, refer to [backup, restore, or migrate data volumes](/manuals/engine/storage/volumes.md#back-up-restore-or-migrate-data-volumes). 

> ## If Docker Desktop fails to start or you want to backup the whole Docker Desktop VM

Author: ```suggestion
## If Docker Desktop fails to start or you want to back up the whole Docker Desktop VM
```
